.\"Copyright (c) 2017 David Kalliecharan <dave@phaseshift.tech>
.\"                                                                            
.\"Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any       
.\"purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above      
.\"copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.           
.\"                                                                            
.\"THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES    
.\"WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF            
.\"MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR     
.\"ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES      
.\"WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN       
.\"ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF     
.\"OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.  
.Dd $Mdocdate$ 
.Dt WICO.CONF 5
.Os 
.Sh NAME 
.Nm wico.conf
.Nd wico configuration file
.Xr wico 1
.Sh SYNOPSIS 
.Nm /etc/wico.conf
.Nm ~/.wico.conf
.Sh DESCRIPTION
The 
.Xr wico 1 
utility is a wireless connection manager for networks according to the
.Nm 
configuration file. The file is very basic, and only requires a few items 
for wirelss network management.
.Bl -tag -width wpa_supplicant_conf
.It Ic intf
The interface that wireless connections should connect over.
.It Ic wpa_supplicant_conf
The location where wpa_supplicant.conf is located.
.It Ic network
Network settings are encapsulated by {}, and are listed below:
.Bl -tag -width enterprise
.It Ic nwid
The ssid that you wish to connect too.
.It Ic wpakey
The WPA key used to connect to the ssid. For added security use a hashed key.
.It Ic options
Additional options that can be passed to
.Xr ifconfig 8 .
.It Ic enterprise 
If set to "true", 
.Xr wico 1
tries to use
.Xr wpa_supplicant 1
to perform the desired handshaking to connect to the network.
.Sh EXAMPLE
intf=iwn0
.br
wpa_supplicant_conf=/etc/wpa_supplicant.conf

network
.Bro 
.br
.D1 nwid=myssid
.br
.D1 wpakey=myhashedkeyORnot
.Brc

network
.Bro
.D1 nwid=myuniversity
.br
.D1 options=wpaakms 802.1x
.br
.D1 enterprise=true
.br
.Brc
.Sh SEE ALSO 
.Xr ifconfig 8
.Xr dhclient 8
.Xr wico.conf 5
.Xr wpa_supplicant 1
.Xr wpa_supplicant.conf 5
.Sh HISTORY 
The
.Nm
configuration file was initially designed on 
.Ox 6.0+.
.Sh AUTHORS 
.An David Kalliecharan Aq Mt dave@phaseshift.tech
